"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'"
"A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest."
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'"
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me."
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."
"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems."
"Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!"
"Did you get your haircut?" No, I got them all cut.
"Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents."
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize."
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
"Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines."
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?" "No, but I'll wrestle you for them."
"Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!"
"Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist."
"Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet."
"How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?" "By its bark."
"How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling."
"How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!"
"How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?" "You follow the fresh prints."
"How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan."
"How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut."
"How do you make 7 even?" "Take away the s."
"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!"
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it."
"How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together."
"How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray."
"How does the moon cut his hair?" "Eclipse it."
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles."
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?" "Nothing, it's on the house."
"I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing."
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
"I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!"
"I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!"
"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."
"I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady."
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind."
"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since."
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction."
"I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!"
"I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless."
"I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate."
"I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea."
"I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y."
"I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know..."
"I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know."
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along."
"I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice."
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me."
"I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands."
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it."
"I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off."
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
"I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
"I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it."
"I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!"
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?"
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?" "An iWitness."
"Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends."
"It takes guts to be an organ donor."
"It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa."
"Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas."
"My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line."
"My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!"
"My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward."
"Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them."
"Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera."
"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants."
"That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted."
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in."
"Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable."
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!"
"What country's capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it's Dublin."
"What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?" "Where's Pop Corn?"
"What did one hat say to the other?" "Stay here! I'm going on ahead."
"What did one wall say to the other?" "I'll meet you at the corner."
"What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging."
"What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam."
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" "Supplies!"
"What did the ocean say to the beach?" "Nothing, it just waved."
"What did the zero say to the eight?" "That belt looks good on you."
"What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?" "They're both Paris sites."
"What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear."
"What do you call a belt made of watches?" "A waist of time."
"What do you call a factory that makes okay products?" "A satisfactory."
"What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta."
"What do you call a fake noodle?" "An impasta."
"What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated."
"What do you call a hot dog on wheels?" "Fast food!"
"What do you call a pony with a sore throat?" "A little hoarse."
"What do you call a poor Santa Claus?" "St. Nickel-less."
"What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant."
"What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese."
"What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?" "A meltdown."
"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."
"What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?" "Prime mates."
"What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk."
"What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!"
"What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!"
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?" "Nothing, they fast!"
"What does garlic do when it gets hot?" "It takes its cloves off."
"What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?" "Traffic jam."
"What has more letters than the alphabet?" "The post office!"
"What kind of car does an egg drive?" "A yolkswagen."
"What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!"
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y."
"What's a robot's favorite snack?" "Computer chips."
"What's brown and sticky? A stick."
"What's the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant."
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?" "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream."
"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar."
"When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent."
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?"
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers."
"Where do boats go when they're sick?" "To the boat doc."
"Where do fruits go on vacation?" "Pear-is!"
"Where do math teachers go on vacation?" "Times Square."
"Where do you learn to make a banana split?" "Sundae school."
"Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school."
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
"Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels."
"Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They're filled with common cents."
"Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."
"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
"Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired."
"Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones."
"Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."
"Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn't have the guts."
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb."
"Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?" "In case they get a hole in one!"
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?" "Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels."
"Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up."
"Why is Peter Pan always flying?" "He neverlands."
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine."
"You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg."
15 When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
6 What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee.
Can February March? No, but April May!
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! The Empire State Building can’t jump.
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know
Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems.
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
Did you know that bees are actually allergic to pollen? They break out in hives.
Do mascara and lipstick ever argue? Sure, but then they makeup.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them.
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards. ME: …And?
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
Finally my winter fat has gone… Now, I have spring rolls.
Four fonts walk into a bar. The barman says: Oi – get out. We don’t want your type here. Beef jerky.
Friend: “Bro, can you pass me that pamphlet?” Me: “Brochure”
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
He looked devastated. I told him, “Don’t worry about it, champ. Pick yourself up”.
He wants to be an astronaut.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu—you get what you deserve.
Her: I’m leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
How Do Fish Get High? Seaweed
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower.
How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail..
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
How do vampires start letters? Tomb it may concern.
How do you catch a whole school of fish? With bookworms.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
How do you define a farmer? Someone who is good in their field.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
How do you make Lady Gaga mad? Poke her face.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g” and it’s GONE
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
How does a squid go into battle? Well-Armed
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
How was the handsome runner described? “Dashing.”
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight.
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were available.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I can kayak. Canoe?
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line.
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
I don’t trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver.
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears.
I had a great joke about COVID… but I don’t wanna spread it around.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.
I just got a promotion at the farm. I’m the new CIEIO.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
I lost an electron. Are you positive? 
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
I named my dog “5 miles.” So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.”
I once got fired from a canned juice factory. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
I only believe in 12.5% of the Bible. Because I am an eighth-theist.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece.
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around.
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy!
I was kidnapped by mimes once. They did unspeakable things to me.
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel!
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day – but I couldn’t find any.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do elves get? Mistle-toes.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie?
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
If you slap Dwayne Johnsons butt… You officially hit rock bottom.
It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night.
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks!
It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle.
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them.
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution.
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night!
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
Just paid $200 for a belt that doesn’t fit! What a huge waist!
Knock knock. Who’s there? Déja. Déja who? Knock knock.
Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
My doctor told me I’m going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
My new sweater had a problem with static so I returned it. They gave me a new one free of charge.
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’.
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that…
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
My son got angry when I told him “Sky is the limit for you”.
My son knocked a picture of himself off the shelf.
My teachers told me I’d never amount to much since I procrastinate so much. I told them, “Just you wait!”
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
My wife asked me to stop singing “Wonderwall” to her. I said maybe…
My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle.
My wife told me to pick up 8 cans of soda on my way home from work…
My wife wants me to blow air on her whenever she overheats, but honestly… … I’m not a fan.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
Remember that joke I told you about the chiropractor? It was about a weak back.
She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you”.
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up
Should you have your whole family for Thanksgiving dinner? No, you should just stick with turkey.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world.
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, “That’s a novel concept.”
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump… But that’s comparing apples to oranges.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
The best gift I ever received was a broken drum. You can’t beat that.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence.
There was once a king who was only 12 inches tall! Terrible king, but made a great ruler.
They all laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, they’re not laughing now! Wait…
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
They’re heavily calfinated
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder. 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
Two aerials get married. The ceremony was rubbish – but the reception was brilliant.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nahhh, it’s too cheesy!
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
Went to the corner shop – bought four corners
What animals are the best to call if you get locked out of your house? Monkeys.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery.
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? “Cool Ranch!”
What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? “Let’s table this.”
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead.
What did the Buddhist ask the hot dog vendor? “Make me one with everything.”
What did the Japanese cannibal eat for dinner? Raw men
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? “I’m a big fan.”
What did the baker say when she won an award? “It was a piece of cake.”
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? “Hey there bud!”
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? “It’s a dog eat dog world out there.”
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? “You’ve been on fire!”
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What did the dryer say to the boring duvet cover that just got out of the washer? “Don’t be such a wet blanket.”
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
What did the full glass say to the empty glass? You look drunk.
What did the geometry teacher say when the class had trouble solving a problem? “Let’s try a different angle.”
What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?”
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator door was opened? Close the door, I’m dressing.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What did the policeman say to the belly button? “You’re under a-vest.”
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? “You’re a real gem.”
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
What did the tomato say to the other tomato during a race? Ketchup
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending.
What do cows most like to read? Cattle-logs.
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits.
What do houses wear? An address.
What do lions use to look at their manes? Mirroars.
What do skateboarders do when they are really good? They GoPro
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What do you call Batman when he’s hurt? Bruised Wayne.
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air.
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus.
What do you call a bear with no teeth A gummy bear!
What do you call a beehive without an exit? UnBeeLeaveable!
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals!
What do you call a dog that’s been run over by a steamroller? Spot!
What do you call a duck that‘s addicted? A quackhead.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
What do you call a flying priest? A bird of pray.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What do you call a group of deaf people? I don’t know. But it is definitely not heard.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO.
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian.
What do you call a man named David without an ID? Dav.
What do you call a mom who turns into a dad? Transparent.
What do you call a mountain of cats? Meow-tain. 
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blue strawberry. 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing
What do you call a zombie’s butt? Deadass
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
What do you call bees that produce milk? Boo-Bees
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
What do you call malware on a Kindle? A bookworm.
What do you call someone who loves reading? A book keeper. 
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A large fortune.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis?
What does a house wear? Address.
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
What does “Rockin’ Robin” do when she’s bored? Tweet.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What group of people never get angry? Nomads.
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
What is Marco’s favorite clothing store? Polo.
What is the fastest growing city in the world? Capital of Ireland. It’s Dublin everyday.
What is the opposite of a croissant? A happy uncle.
What is the opposite of ladies fingers? Mentos
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO!
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of music do planets like? Neptunes. 
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What kind of shape may have been knighted? Cir-cles.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean
What lights up a soccer stadium? A soccer match. 
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What makes a basketball court trendy and accessorized? The hoops.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
What piece on the playground is always exhausted? The tire swing.
What religion are crows? Birddism.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
What was Sherlock Holmes’ favorite protein source? Mystery meat.
What was said about the messy, angry man who was eating a can of Pringles? “He’s got a chip on his shoulder.”
What was the man feeling after he got swindled right under Big Ben? He was ticked off.  
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……”
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips!
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy!
What’s a writer’s favorite train station? Penn Station.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite candy? A Mars bar.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What’s either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts.
What’s it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
What’s the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction the first letter faces.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What’s the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven.
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
What’s the opposite of artificial intelligence? Natural stupidity
When do computers overheat? When they need to vent.
When does a joke become a “dad joke?” When it becomes apparent.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? To the retail store. 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
Where do terrorists go when they die? Everywhere.
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
Whether that leaves a long-lasting impression for the right reasons all depends on the delivery. But having a good dad joke is already half the battle won. 
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
Which bathroom appliance would be the worst life preserver? The sink.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
Which branch of the military accepts toddlers? The infantry.
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk.
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you! You have my Word!
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy.
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why are toilets always so good at poker? They always get a flush
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical.
Why can’t your ear be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.
Why couldn’t the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
Why couldn’t the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
Why couldn’t the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot.
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi.
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager.
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
Why did the bullet end up losing his job? He got fired.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why did the ghost go to rehab? He was addicted to boos.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
Why did the spoon come to the party dressed as a knife? The invitation said to look sharp.
Why did two tall people get along so well? The could really see eye to eye.
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space.
Why do balloons hate Ed Sheeran concerts? They are afraid of pop music.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day?
Why do pancakes always win at baseball? They have the best batter.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots…
Why do pregnant cows have so much energy?
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
Why do standup comedians perform poorly in Hawaii? Because the audience only responds in a low ha.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck. 
Why do we tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast.
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas.
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted.
Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
Why doesn’t Dracula have any friends? Well, honestly, he’s a real pain in the neck.
Why don’t phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
Why don’t restaurants serve noodles after 10:00 PM? It’s pasta bedtime.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many Cheetahs
Why don’t you buy things with Velcro? It’s a rip-off.
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b” comes after it!
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
Why was the broom late for work? It over-swept.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
Why was the cow such a heartthrob on the farm? He was a s-moo-th talker.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift.
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
Why was the hockey player gifted a new cap? He was known for his hat tricks.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
Why were spectators confused by the koala’s self-portrait? It was bear.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Why were they called the “dark ages?” Because there were a lot of knights.
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
You know why you never see elephants hiding up in trees? Because they’re really good at it.
You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a Catholic converter.
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
“Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.”